Add documentation for Mattermost AI Copilot Plugin (#7016)
mattermost/docs: source/guides/mattermost-ai-copilot-admin-guide.rst

> Admin Guide: Mattermost AI Copilot Plugin

Reviewer: > Mattermost AI Copilot Plugin

Do we need to identify this as a "plugin" in the title. My raise would be that we call this and the end user guide just "... AI Copilot". Then for the Admin guide we mention how it's a plugin that needs to be installed (if on <v9.7). If on >v9.7 they don't need to install it since it's prepackaged. 

For the end user guide it's not important that we mention it's a plugin at all, it's part of their Mattermost experience if your admin has enabled it.

> Admin Guide: Mattermost AI Copilot Plugin

Reviewer: For consistency with the end user guide can we just call this "Admin Guide: Mattermost AI Copilot"

The guide mentions it's a plugin so I don't think it's necessary in the title

Author: Good call, missed this one first time around.

=========================================

This document provides instructions for administrators to configure `Mattermost AI Copilot <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-ai>`_. For the corresponding user guide, refer to the `Mattermost AI Copilot end user documentation <../guides/mattermost-ai-copilot-user-guide.html>`_.

For the best experience with Mattermost AI Copilot, we recommend using **Mattermost Server v9.6** or later. Mattermost AI Copilot is installed as a plugin and is compatible with the following `Mattermost server versions <https://docs.mattermost.com/deploy/mattermost-changelog.html>`_:

- **v9.6** or later
- **v9.5.2+** (Extended Support Release - ESR)
- **v9.4.4+**
- **v9.3.3+**
- **v8.1.11+** (Extended Support Release - ESR)

Configuration Steps
-------------------

> Configure the plugin via **System Console ➡️ Mattermost AI Copilot Plugin**. The following AI services are supported:

Reviewer: To clarify my earlier comment, I think we still want to first mention that admins have to install the plugin if <v9.7 with a link to the releases page of the repo. If >= v9.7 then they can follow the steps written here.

Author: Okay, reworked this intro to better incorporate all of this.

Admin Guide: Mattermost AI Copilot
==================================

This document provides instructions for administrators to configure `Mattermost AI Copilot <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-ai>`_. For the corresponding user guide, refer to the `Mattermost AI Copilot end user documentation <../guides/mattermost-ai-copilot-user-guide.html>`_.

> Mattermost AI Copilot is already installed in **Mattermost Server >=v9.7** and can be enabled and configured via the steps below. If using **Mattermost Server <v9.7**, Mattermost AI Copilot can be `installed as a plugin from the repository <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-ai/releases>`_ and is compatible with the following `Mattermost server versions <https://docs.mattermost.com/deploy/mattermost-changelog.html>`_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost AI Copilot is a plugin that comes preinstalled on Mattermost Server v9.7 or later, and can be configured in the System Console using the steps below. 

If you're running Mattermost Server v9.6 or earlier, AI Copilot must be installed using the `latest binary available for download from the plugin repository <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-ai/releases>`_ . For an optimized user experience and compatibility, we recommend using AI Copilot with Mattermost v9.7 and later, however the plugin is compatible with the following `Mattermost Server versions <https://docs.mattermost.com/deploy/mattermost-changelog.html>`_:
```
